Add initial `RELEASE.md` doc to describe release steps (#101)
napari/napari-plugin-manager: RELEASE.md

# Release Procedure

Here you can find some information about how to trigger a new release over PyPI and subsequent `conda-forge` update.

## PyPI

To release on PyPI you will need to create a new tag. To do so you can:

* Create a [new GitHub release](https://github.com/napari/napari-plugin-manager/releases/new)
* Use over the new release GitHub page the `Choose a tag` dropdown to create a new tag (it should be something like `vX.Y.Z` incrementing the major, minor or patch number as required).
* Once the tag is defined you should be able to click `Generate release notes`.
* Put as release title the tag that was created (`vX.Y.Z`).

> * Publish the release, check that the deploy step was run sucessfully and that the reletad new version is available over [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/napari-plugin-manager/#history)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publish the release, check that the deploy step was run successfully and that the new version is available at [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/napari-plugin-manager/#history)
```
